<!-- Output copied to clipboard! -->

<!-----

Yay, no errors, warnings, or alerts!

Conversion time: 0.986 seconds.


Using this Markdown file:

1. Paste this output into your source file.
2. See the notes and action items below regarding this conversion run.
3. Check the rendered output (headings, lists, code blocks, tables) for proper
   formatting and use a linkchecker before you publish this page.

Conversion notes:

* Docs to Markdown version 1.0β33
* Fri Aug 12 2022 17:45:22 GMT-0700 (PDT)
* Source doc: V3C38highlights
----->

# **Chapter 38: My Oath and the Lady's Decision**

Dryas-kun went out with a bang, but is he going to be okay?

On the other hand, Edim seemed to be stimulated......

ドリュアス君がはりきって出て行ったけど、大丈夫だろうか？

なんか逆にエディムを刺激しそうなんだけど……。

I wonder if Dryas-kun is yelling at Edim, and Edim is out of control, and there's a pool of blood?

Ugh, I have a bad feeling about this.

But the rhinoceros has been thrown. I have no choice but to leave the rest to Dryas-kun. No matter how much I think about it, I can't come to a conclusion.

でも、サイは投げられたのだ。後はドリュアス君に任せるしかない。俺がいくら考えても結論は出ないのだ。

Instead of me being an idiot and twisting my brain, it’s better to hope for the wisdom of Dryas-kun. That's right. Of course it is!

Okay, I'll put the Edim thing aside for now.

Let's think about a new menu for Bellum to change our minds. I have to do some preparation.

I went into the kitchen and started cooking to cover up my hazy feelings.

And after being absorbed in cooking for a while, I heard footsteps coming up the stairs of the underground empire.

Who could it be? I wonder if Dryas-kun has come to deliver the good news that he has successfully solved the problem.

“Druas-kun?”

“No, it's Edim.”

Awawawa~, here comes the real Edim!

D-don't tell me that she found out that I suspect her?

“Wh-, what do you want?"

I asked Edim the reason why she came here, trembling with nervousness and anxiety.

“I have something I wanted to talk to you about, Tilea-sama.”

“Is, is that so.......”

What is it about?

I'm not sure if it's about something as serious as wanting to beat me up or something like that......

W-what should I do? Should I go get Myuu?

My thoughts are frozen in agitation, and I’m at a loss for a response.

“U-, umm...... please. Please..... talk to me, please, please."

I heard Edim's fading voice.

What a sad voice .......

My heart instantly clenched.

"Edim, I'm sorry. Come on inside."

I motioned for Edim to enter the restaurant and sat her down in one of the chairs provided at the table. I stopped cooking and sat in front of her.

I see Edim's face in my vision.

Edim's face was pale and she looked as if she was about to collapse. She looked more like a young girl of a certain age than a vampire.

The thought of doubting such a girl makes my heart ache.

“So, what's up?”

“Tilea-sama, have I done something wrong?”

“Eeeh~?!”

“Tilea-sama, if there is something wrong with me, I will fix it. If you want to punish me, I will accept anything. I will do whatever you want to punish me. If I can only stay here, if I can only stay in this place..... by the side of those I love and respect, then I have no choice but to ...... Uuuuuu~, I have no choice but to harm myself!"

Edim was crying with big tears. She was sobbing like a child. Her whole body was shaking and she looked as if she was about to collapse.

Oh, my God! What a fool I am!

Edim knew exactly what was going on.

She knew I was scared of her.

She sensed that I was suspicious of her.

She noticed everything.

I was foolishly trying to take away Edim's place where she could finally live without discrimination and regain peace.

And all because of my weak heart......

Damn! We've seen this kind of development all too often in manga and anime!

The protagonist lives a life discriminated against by those around him due to his peculiarity. Even though he is treated like a monster because of his power, the kind-hearted protagonist does not hold a grudge against his oppressors, but fights against evil and saves their lives. However, the mobs he saves treat him like a nuisance instead of feeling indebted to him.

I always resented this kind of work when I saw it.

’Why don't you take the hero's side!’

‘Your lives were saved thanks to the hero!’

’You are ungrateful people.’

’You are no better than dogs and animals.’

’Inhuman.’

There are so many names for such ungrateful mobs.

Oh, I said and did things that were no different from those mobs.

Even though Edim saved me.

She risked her life to save me when I was being targeted by the demons.

She had to hide herself.

She didn't want to be noticed.

She could have just ignored what I said.

Edim could have easily done that.

But Edim was trying for the sake of my friendship.

Oh, shit!

I swung my right hand and punched myself in the face with all my might. My right fist smashed into my nose. A shock spread across my face.

Itetete~........

What? Blood!?

There’s blood on my right fist.

I'm not sure if I hit it too hard or if it was a nosebleed. But what the heck, who cares! Compared to the emotional trauma that Edim had suffered, it’s nothing.

“Tilea-sama?”

“I'm sorry I startled you. It was a warning to myself, a punishment for hurting Edim.”

“Oh, no, Tilea-sama, to punish yourself.......”

“No, it must have been hard for you. I'm sure it was hard! I'm the one who encouraged them all.”

“No, it's okay.”

“No, it's not okay! I suspected, Edim, that you were really going to take on the enemies of your former master.”

“Oh, no. ...... I would never bow down to Tilea-sama!”

「そ、そんな……私はティレア様に弓引く真似なんて絶対にしません！」

“I know. I'm sorry, I'm so sorry. I was foolish. I was so stupid to doubt you. I was really stupid not to trust you and I couldn't help it."

I bow deeply to Edim. My heart is filled with guilt. I will continue to bow my head even for the entire night until Edim forgives me.

“No, no, no, Tilea-sama, please raise your head!”

“No, I will continue to bow my head until Edim forgives me, because that's the weight of what I have done.”

“Ti-, Tilea-sama, I forgive you. I forgive you. Please raise your head. If you do that, I don't know what to do.......”

Edim answered me in a panic.

She’s not a vampire, after all. She is a human being. She treats a normal person like me so well. She is a woman of character.

“Edim, thank you for forgiving me. You belong here."

"Uu~, uuu~, uuu~, Ti-, Tilea-sama. Th-, then, am I allowed to stay here? Beloved Tilea-sama, ka~"

“Of course, of course you may! I assure you. I assure you, no one will oppose me. I will definitely protect your place.”

"Uuuuuaaaa~, Ti-, Tilea-sama!

Edim sobbed and hugged me. I hugged her tightly in response.

Good girl, good girl. Right now, Edim really looks like a little girl of her age. I won't hesitate anymore. I will definitely protect her.

After hugging for a while, Edim told me about her current situation. Apparently, because of me, Edim is about to be thrown out of this place. Moreover, I heard that Dryas-san is leading the charge in implementing this. Furthermore, I didn't know that Orr had gone completely out of control......

“Hick~, hii~, Ti-, Tilea-sama. I can't do it within a week. Uuu, uuuuu.”

“I understand. Don't cry so much. I'll take care of it. If they keep giving you problems, I'll make Dryas-kun and everyone a real mess.”

---

"Uu~, uuu~, uuu~, Ti-, Tilea-sama. Th-, then, am I allowed to stay here? Beloved Tilea-sama, ka~"

“Of course, of course you may! I assure you. I assure you, no one will oppose me. I will definitely protect your place.”

Tilea hugged the poor vampire.

This happened just as I was about to send an elite squad of black-clad troops in.

Stupid child .......

Really stupid and good-natured .......

Does she know how risky the act of protecting vampires and demons is?

But it would be useless to tell her. She won't hesitate anymore.

Come to think of it, the first day I met Tilea at the Demon Eradication Loyalty Meeting, she was somewhat restless. She was blowing tea and floundering.

Now that I think about it, Tilea was desperately trying to protect her friend.

“We're leaving.”

“Are you sure?”

“Yes, we'll keep an eye on it for a while, but you should leave now.”

“Yes, sir.”

The elite troops in black are being withdrawn. The mighty Ikkitousen. In no time at all, they disappeared into the dark night.

Fuu~, Tilea-san, you are so careless. You never know who might be listening if you talk about vampires and demons in the store.

Next time I see her, I'll have to nail her so that she doesn't leak any information.

But still, it was that vampire, or rather, Edim-san, wasn't it? I know because I have lived in a world of plots and conspiracies. She is not lying. She was truly afraid of losing her place. She was truly afraid that Tilea would hate her.

It was not an act. I can say that for certain.

I can't help but let out a smile. Demons and humans, by nature, have an incompatible relationship. However, I found that Tilea-san and Edim-san have a deep bond of trust.

Tilea-san, I really never get tired of watching you.

You have declared that you will continue to protect the demon tribe. I am sure you are listening to me, a member of the Demon Eradication Loyalist Association.......

これからも魔族を庇い続けると宣言しましたね。まったく魔族撲滅忠信会のわたくしが聞いているというのに……。

Tilea, you have committed so many crimes that it is ridiculous to even count them. And I am one of the criminals who knows it and does nothing about it. I owe you a great debt of gratitude for tarnishing my unblemished career.

I am guilty of subversion of the state, aiding and abetting a demon tribe, and leaking confidential information.......

I should be executed three times just for those offenses.

If the other members of the Demon Eradication Loyalists' Association knew about this, they would be furious. They would ask, "Don’t you have any sense of justice?”

But.

Punishing them in the name of justice?

It's beyond absurd. Isn’t it fine even if demons and humans get along?!

In this world, even among humans, there are always dark activities behind the scenes, kicking each other down, and ugly conflicts. It is a world where there are many people who try to gain the upper hand by threatening the weaknesses of their opponents.

In such a world, it is rare to see people trusting each other. I will not allow anyone to defile such a beautiful scene!

I looked around cautiously and then returned home. My steps were light.

The world is ugly.

Betrayal, jealousy, slander .......

There are those who try to pull others down and get the upper hand.

There are those who cheat, betray, and amuse themselves.

There are those who love to fight and constantly seek to hurt others.

A world full of such people, there are times when I want to destroy it with all my heart.

But.....

Sometimes the world shows us beautiful things in a whimsical way.

“Fufu...it really is a conundrum."

That is why I cannot hate the world.
