<!-- Output copied to clipboard! -->

<!-----

Yay, no errors, warnings, or alerts!

Conversion time: 0.56 seconds.


Using this Markdown file:

1. Paste this output into your source file.
2. See the notes and action items below regarding this conversion run.
3. Check the rendered output (headings, lists, code blocks, tables) for proper
   formatting and use a linkchecker before you publish this page.

Conversion notes:

* Docs to Markdown version 1.0β33
* Fri Aug 12 2022 18:25:16 GMT-0700 (PDT)
* Source doc: V3C39highlights
----->

# **Chapter 39: What Dark Matter, Production Cheat? ★**

Today, Ojou is taking me to look for foodstuffs outside the royal capital. Normally, I safely search for ingredients at the market, but with the protection of Oujo, who is renowned as a gourmet adventurer, I feel safe. Even an amateur like me can go looking for unknown ingredients outside of King's Landing.

I'm looking forward to it!

I heard that Oujo will be taking me to some of the places she proudly recommends. My culinary repertoire is about to expand.

But then again, such hidden gems are usually the bread and butter of gastronomic adventurers, and they are not usually shared with others. And yet, she was so willing to tell me. And to top it all off, Ojou seems to be doing the beast-hunting by herself, while also guarding me.

She's too nice! She's an angel!

It was the same with Edim’s case as well. After I made peace with Edim, I went to Ojou and tried to convince her. Originally, she was so hostile to Edim. She would not be swayed by one or two persuasions.

I was ready to keep going to her again and again until she trusted Edim, but she suddenly said, "Do as you please, Tilea-san”.

She said she would give her tacit approval to Edim. She even gave me a lecture on how to prevent information leaks, saying, "Tilea, you're being a little too careless.”

I am genuinely happy that Oujo trusts Edim.

It’s just, I think she trusts me too much. I've certainly given my word that I trust Edim. But that doesn't mean you should change your policy one hundred and eighty degrees based on my word alone.......

I'm worried that if she's too good-natured, bad guys will take advantage of her. She's the friend I made after I came to King's Landing. I have to be careful that she doesn't get cheated.

As I was walking along and thinking about her, I arrived at the Adventurers' Guild.

The appointed time is when three bells have rung, so I’m a little early, aren’t I?

I don't have a cell phone, so my sense of time is a little fuzzy.

Well, it's better than being late, right? I'm a little early, but I'll wait for her. I head for the office where Oujo is.

The receptionist led me into the room, where Oujo was doing some paperwork.

Yes, she seems to be busy.

Oujo was wearing glasses and writing briskly.

"Hello, Oujo!

“Nn~?! Tilea, you are here too early. Two bells just rang.”

"Ehehe, I was looking forward to it, so I came early."

“ I have work to do. I can't leave right away even if you come early.”

「ついって……あなたねぇ。わたくしにも仕事があるんです。早く来られてもすぐに出発はできませんわよ」

“Aahahaha, you're right. Sorry, sorry."

I guess I came too early indeed.

Oujo seems to be busy, so let's go home for now.......

Ah!? But I've come all the way to the Adventurers' Guild. I rarely get to look around inside. While I’m waiting, why don't I take a look around?

“Hey, Oujo.”

“What is it?”

“Do you mind if I wait here?”

“No problem. Just try not to make too much of a mess.”

“I wouldn't do that. I'm not a child.”

“Hmm, I wonder about that.”

What the hell! When you say it like that, I want to rebel against you.

Oraora~, I'm not going to use my super magic to destroy this room. I'm an adult with common sense. I wander around and ransack the room.

A chair, a desk, and a houseplant.......

Mwah~! This sofa..... So comfortable.

So soft!

I'm sure Oujo will stare at me if I start trampolining on the sofa.

Yes, yes, I have to be quiet. I know, I know.

I can't help it. Let’s go somewhere else……

Oo~! I found a room!

After leaving the office where Oujo is, I moved to the next room. There were various books and things like flasks and beakers. It looked like some kind of laboratory.

I was curious to see what kind of books were on the shelves.

I read the spines of the books on the shelves.

What's this ......?

’How to make fire magic. Ice Magic Practice Level One’. ‘The Dangers of Body Granting Magic’. ‘Fundamentals of Magic II’. ‘History of King's Landing’......

I casually picked up a book on the history of King's Landing. Flipping through a few pages, I found the history and climate of King's Landing described in a rather complicated manner.

Oh no, I'm getting a headache. It's not that I don't like history, but this book is very difficult to understand. It is written with a lot of technical terms.

Who wrote this book?

I’m curious so I look at the author's name on the spine of the book and find.......

’Author: Jayjay Je Amachar’

Jayjay, huh?

But it makes sense. If an authoritarian like him wrote a book, it would be a book like this. I put the book on the history of the royal city back on the bookshelf and picked up the next book.

What is it?

’Alchemy for Beginners, You too can get rich with it!’

Oo~, alchemy. I might like to try it!

"Hey, Oujo, can I read the book here?"

"Yes, you are free to browse. But can you read and write?”

How rude! I have nearly 50 years of life experience. I was once called a child prodigy.

That only lasted about three days, though.......

Oh, well. Oujo has given me permission. I can read without hesitation.

I immediately opened the page on alchemy.

Let's see, to alchemize anything, you need to.......

Which page am I supposed to look at? There are a lot of technical terms again, so I don't know what's what .......

At least from the diagram, it looks like they put rocks in a flask and cast some kind of spell.......

Well, I'm sorry to say that Oujo was right. I have no idea. Since I can't read a book and understand it, I'll just have to figure it out on my own if I want to do it.

Image is the key to magic.......

Okay, I’ll try getting used to it instead of studying it from the book. Let's actually do it.

“Hey, Oujo?”

“Mou~, what is it!? I'm concentrating right now, so please don't talk to me!”

“Sooorry, I'll be careful. Just one more thing. I'm actually reading a book on alchemy, can I make gold here?”

“Haa~, feel free to do it if you’re capable of it. Only a handful of people who have mastered the art of alchemy can succeed.”

“Hee~, is that so?”

“Yes, not to mention gold and silver, even bronze is difficult. That's the standard for a first-rate mage. If you, an amateur, could do even a single lead, that alone would be praiseworthy.”

Yo-, you said it.

I can still use my elementary magic. I'll make not only lead, but copper, and make Oujo jump out of her skin. I put the rock in the flask like the alchemy book says.

Then I formulated an image. Specifically, gold bars.

"Abracadabra, Pichalali!"

I put the magic into the flask while chanting the appropriate incantation.

Then.......

Nn~?!　 Something is bubbling over from the flask. Black, hazy dark matter is coming out of it.

Uuoooo~, something looks bad!

“Oujo! Oujo!”

“Oh, my, God! Didn't you say you were done speaking to me?"

"But, but there's something unusual about the flask shaking.......”

"Hmm, if you used some kind of alchemical magic, it's only natural that the flask is shaking."

Oujo said so and gave off an aura of “don’t talk to me any more”.

Hmmm, is that so?

But this doesn't seem to be just shaking......

It's as if there's an overflow of concentrated sulfuric acid that's vaporizing ridiculously, or rather, it's like an amazing chemical reaction is taking place.

But since Oujo said so, what's the big deal? I'm not sure what's normal and what's abnormal for me, as I'm not used to magic.

Well, okay, let's continue anyway.

“Abracadabra, open up, golden sesame!"

As soon as my proper spell chanting was finished, a shiny gold substance was generated with a ‘pikan!’.

No, no way...... gold, I’ve done it.

“Oujo! Oujo!”

“Tilea-san, enough of this. If you interfere with my work any longer, I'll have you removed from the premises.”

“Bu-, but I've made something that looks like gold......

“It can't be gold. How big is it?”

"Well, it looks like a gold bar about fifty centimeters in diameter."

"Fuu~, if you've produced gold of that size, Tilea-san, you'll go down in history.”

“I see......”

“Even Erfel Traunu, the leading goldsmith, could barely produce a gold coin five centimeters in diameter. I'm not sure how Tilea-san, an amateur, could easily surpass that.”

“Ahaha...... then, what is this thing I’ve made?"

“It's a substance called "meckin," which resembles gold. It is yellow in color and looks like gold, so it is often used for children's jewelry.”

“Hee~, there was such a metal? I didn't know that.”

“Anyway, it is garbage that can be produced whenever you use alchemy magic. It is often produced by young wizards who are just starting out.”

I see, I see, then it seems that alchemy failed after all. Well, I didn't think I could do it well from the beginning, but......

Oujo's tone of voice sounded as if she didn't expect me to succeed. It's kind of frustrating. I want to at least succeed in generating lead like Oujo said.

Then I started to put more rocks in the flask and cast alchemy. But all I got was that metal called meckin.......

“I keep trying and trying, but nothing comes out. No matter how many times I try, all I get is meckin. Do you have any tips, Oujo?”

"You just have to keep trying."

Yes, thanks a lot.

I'd really like to stay with Oujo and get her advice. But even in the next room, I can see that behind her glasses she's giving off an aura of grumpiness.

Well, it's no surprise since I'm getting in the way of her work. Oujo is always very patient in answering my questions, and I can't help but feel like she’s spoiling me.

Okay, I'm running low on the base material, rock, so I'm going to make this my last try. I focus my mind. Image. Making a gift for Timu, who is working hard at school. I'm sure Timu will be pleased. My motivation is going up.

“I'm going to make a gold bar!”

I chanted the incantation while posing as if I was in a certain anime.

Then, a tremendous chemical reaction occurred. Something like a black hole was formed in the flask.

Un, un, it's a little..... scary.

I was so curious that I stuck my finger into it and it seemed to be sucked into the flask. Yikes. Let's leave that alone.

Then, I waited for a while for it to settle down.

"It-, it’s done.”

Something like shiny black obsidian had formed in the flask. Ooo~! If I do say so myself, it's not an exaggeration to call it one of the seven treasures.

“O-, Oujo, it’s c-crazy. I've made something amazing.”

“Fuu~, I told you not to talk to me. ...... So, judging from the way Tilea-san talks, it looks like you succeeded. Did you get at least a little lead?”

"Is-, is it lead or obsidian? No, it's a new metal, or at any rate, I've made something amazing.”

"Obsidian? It's black in color, then?”

“Yes, it's black. It's like true black.”

“It's probably coal.”

Coal? No, no, this is not coal. It looks like a first-class gemstone by any measure. Crazy. Maybe I have a talent for production work......

"Come on, Oujo, just come over. I've made something incredible."

“Aah~, how many times do I have to tell you? I'm busy right now! I'll give you an evaluation of your coal later. Just wait a minute."

“I told you it's not coal, jeez! Just come here for a minute.”

I beckoned her to come from the entrance of the room. But the young lady only trembled and would not get up from her seat.

“Ah~, I can't get anywhere like this.”

I moved to the lady's side and tried to force her to stand.

“Ah, wait, shi–”

“Eh!?”

I had grabbed her hand, causing the ink container to roll over and spill ink all over the stack of papers.

“Oh, um, well, I didn't mean to do that. Ehehe, I just got excited.......”

“Yes, yes, of course. I would be very sorry if you had any bad intentions. Thanks to you, my half-day's effort has gone to waste.”

“Awawawa~, r-right, a USB stick backup, you must… not have one of those, right?”

“Eeeeh~, if there is such a useful thing as "backup" magic, I wish you would tell me about it. After all, otherwise I’ll have to start all over again.”

“Ahaha~, I'm so sorry. I don't know how to say this...... I mean, is there anything I can do to help? I'll do my best.”

I rolled up my sleeves and tried to appeal to her.

“I see. Shall I ask you to leave so that I can work comfortably?”

“Eh~, no, no, no way, I'll help you. I mean, it's really my fault.”

“Go home. Before I use force.”

“Ye-, yes, I'm sooooorrrrrryyyyyy!”

I fled the office like a rabbit.

Ah~, scary, scary. Oujo was on the verge of snapping.

Haa~, I've done it.......

I'm a sucker for getting carried away. If you think about it, there's no way I could make something great. I would have made something "meh" again. And yet I got excited and interfered with Oujo’s work. I feel really bad about that. I'll make it up to her some other time.

But still, what should I do with this......?

It's the first alchemical substance I've made. I can't just throw it away. ......

That's right! Let's call it a war fund for the Evil God's Army. I've always been on edge because everyone is playing with the Orr family's treasures. I was afraid Orr’s father would be angry with me someday. My "Mekkin" is good enough for playing with the Evil God Army.
